"M. Myriel"의 대화문은 다음과 같습니다:

1. “Sire,” said M. Myriel, “you are looking at a good man, and I at a great man. Each of us can profit by it.”"M. Myriel"의 모든 대화문은 다음과 같습니다:

1. “Monsieur the director of the hospital,” said he to him, “how many sick people have you at the present moment?”
2. “That was the number which I counted,” said the Bishop.
3. “That is what I observed.”
4. “So it seems to me.”
5. “That was what I said to myself.”
6. “That is the thought which occurred to me.”
7. “What would you have, Monseigneur?” said the director. “One must resign one’s self.”
8. “Monsieur,” said he, “how many beds do you think this hall alone would hold?”
9. “It would hold full twenty beds,” said he, as though speaking to himself. Then, raising his voice:— “Hold, Monsieur the director of the hospital, I will tell you something. There is evidently a mistake here. There are thirty-six of you, in five or six small rooms. There are three of us here, and we have room for sixty. There is some mistake, I tell you; you have my house, and I have yours. Give me back my house; you are at home here.”
10. “And still I am quite cramped with it all!”
11. “Hold!” cried the Bishop, “you are quite right, Madame Magloire.”
죄송합니다. 제시된 텍스트에 "M. Myriel"이라는 이름의 주인공이 나타나지 않습니다. 다른 주인공의 대화문을 검색하거나 다른 텍스트를 제공해 주시면 감사하겠습니다.1. “Madame Magloire,” said he, “fetch me a chair. My greatness [grandeur] does not reach as far as that shelf.”
2. “I am thinking,” replied the Bishop, “of a singular remark, which is to be found, I believe, in St. Augustine,—‘Place your hopes in the man from whom you do not inherit.’”
3. “What a stout back Death has!” he exclaimed. “What a strange burden of titles is cheerfully imposed on him, and how much wit must men have, in order thus to press the tomb into the service of vanity!”
4. “There is M. Géborand purchasing paradise for a sou.”
5. “You must give me something, M. le Marquis.” The Marquis turned round and answered dryly, “I have poor people of my own, Monseigneur.” “Give them to me,” replied the Bishop.
6. “Examine the road over which the fault has passed.”
7. “My very dear brethren, my good friends, there are thirteen hundred and twenty thousand peasants’ dwellings in France which have but three openings; eighteen hundred and seventeen thousand hovels which have but two openings, the door and one window; and three hundred and forty-six thousand cabins besides which have but one opening, the door. And this arises from a thing which is called the tax on doors and windows. Just put poor families, old women and little children, in those buildings, and behold the fevers and maladies which result! Alas! God gives air to men; the law sells it to them. I do not blame the law, but I bless God. In the department of the Isère, in the Var, in the two departments of the Alpes, the Hautes, and the Basses, the peasants have not even wheelbarrows; they transport their manure on the backs of men; they have no candles, and they burn resinous sticks, and bits of rope dipped in pitch. That is the state of affairs throughout the whole of the hilly country of Dauphiné. They make bread for six months at one time; they bake it with dried cow-dung. In the winter they break this bread up with an axe, and they soak it for twenty-four hours, in order to render it eatable. My brethren, have pity! behold the suffering on all sides of you!”
8. “Monsieur le Curé is right: it is not his place; it is mine.”
9. “God raises from the dead him whom man slays; he whom his brothers have rejected finds his Father once more. Pray, believe, enter into life: the Father is there.”
10. “I have just officiated pontifically.”
11. “I did not think that it was so monstrous. It is wrong to become absorbed in the divine law to such a degree as not to perceive human law. Death belongs to God alone. By what right do men touch that unknown thing?”
12. “Have a care of the manner in which you turn towards the dead. Think not of that which perishes. Gaze steadily. You will perceive the living light of your well-beloved dead in the depths of heaven.”죄송합니다, 제공된 텍스트에는 "M. Myriel"이 직접적으로 말하는 대화문이 포함되어 있지 않습니다.죄송합니다. 이 txt 파일에는 "M. Myriel"이라는 주인공의 대화문이 없습니다.죄송합니다. 주어진 텍스트에 "M. Myriel"이라는 캐릭터의 대화문이 없습니다. 다른 캐릭터의 대화문을 찾으시거나 다른 요청을 해주세요."M. Myriel"의 대화문은 다음과 같습니다:

1. “And you are right,” replied the Bishop. “As one makes one’s philosophy, so one lies on it. You are on the bed of purple, senator.”
2. “Good devils even,” said the Bishop.
3. “Like yourself, Count,” interposed the Bishop.
4. The Bishop clapped his hands. “That’s talking!” he exclaimed. “What an excellent and really marvellous thing is this materialism! Not every one who wants it can have it. Ah! when one does have it, one is no longer a dupe, one does not stupidly allow one’s self to be exiled like Cato, nor stoned like Stephen, nor burned alive like Jeanne d’Arc. Those who have succeeded in procuring this admirable materialism have the joy of feeling themselves irresponsible, and of thinking that they can devour everything without uneasiness,—places, sinecures, dignities, power, whether well or ill acquired, lucrative recantations, useful treacheries, savory capitulations of conscience,—and that they shall enter the tomb with their digestion accomplished. How agreeable that is! I do not say that with reference to you, senator. Nevertheless, it is impossible for me to refrain from congratulating you. You great lords have, so you say, a philosophy of your own, and for yourselves, which is exquisite, refined, accessible to the rich alone, good for all sauces, and which seasons the voluptuousness of life admirably. This philosophy has been extracted from the depths, and unearthed by special seekers. But you are good-natured princes, and you do not think it a bad thing that belief in the good God should constitute the philosophy of the people, very much as the goose stuffed with chestnuts is the truffled turkey of the poor.”죄송합니다, 제공된 텍스트에는 "M. Myriel"이라는 캐릭터의 대화문이 포함되어 있지 않습니다."해당 챕터의 주인공 이름 : M. Myriel"

"M. Myriel"의 모든 대화문:

1. "My name is Bienvenu Myriel."
2. "I am."
3. "Something of that sort."
4. "I am pleased to see that I have been misinformed. You certainly do not seem to me to be ill."
5. "And conscience."
6. "I am a worm."
7. "So be it, sir. But explain to me how my carriage, which is a few paces off behind the trees yonder, how my good table and the moor-hens which I eat on Friday, how my twenty-five thousand francs income, how my palace and my lackeys prove that clemency is not a duty, and that ’93 was not inexorable."
8. "I thank you."
9. "Inexorable; yes."
10. "Progress should believe in God. Good cannot have an impious servitor. He who is an atheist is but a bad leader for the human race."
11. "This hour is the hour of God. Do you not think that it would be regrettable if we had met in vain?"
12. "Your blessing."
13. "Oh! oh! that's a coarse color. It is lucky that those who despise it in a cap revere it in a hat.""M. Myriel"은 이 텍스트에서 직접적인 대화문을 가지고 있지 않습니다. 그는 주로 서술자에 의해 언급되고 설명되지만, 자신의 대화나 발언을 직접적으로 나타내는 부분은 없습니다.죄송합니다. 주어진 텍스트에는 "M. Myriel"이라는 이름의 주인공이 없습니다. 다른 주인공의 대화를 원하시면 알려주세요.죄송합니다, 제공된 텍스트에서 "M. Myriel"이라는 주인공의 대화문은 찾을 수 없습니다.죄송합니다, 제공된 텍스트에서 "M. Myriel"이라는 주인공의 대화문은 찾을 수 없습니다.